# Evaluating the persuasive influence of political microtargeting with large language models

This project, authored by Kobi Hackenburg at the University of Oxford, aims to analyze the persuasive influence of political microtargeting using large language models.

## Repository Contents

### GPTarget2023 Dataset

The repository contains the GPTarget2023 dataset, a comprehensive collection of raw messages, prompts, participant responses, and associated metadata that were collected during the experiment. This dataset serves as a potential supplement to future work anlayzing the specific messages generated by GPT-4 and understand how they were tailored and how these tailoring techniques may be associated with persuasive outcomes.

### Code and Notebooks

The repository also includes all the code necessary to conduct the statistical analysis and generate the figures used in the project. Here's what you'll find:

- **Code**: The `code` folder houses all the necessary data files, including the raw dataset. It also houses a series of numbered Jupyter notebooks that contain the complete code for the project. The notebooks are numbered, and it is essential to run them in the correct order to ensure that the code functions properly.

- **Web Application**: The `web_app` folder houses all files used to construct the web application used to conduct this experiment.

## Getting Started

1. **Clone the Repository**: You can clone the repository to your local machine for exploration and development.

2. **Run the Notebooks**: Open and run the numbered Python notebooks in the correct order. Make sure to follow the order as stated, as the notebooks depend on previous computations.

## Contact

For any additional questions or comments, please feel free to reach out to Kobi Hackenburg.

## Acknowledgments

Special thanks to Professor Helen Margetts for supervision.

